We were deceived by the equation last time.
Don't take it to heart.
Chairperson, where are you talking about?
come
What about after Aso Equation leaves?
His position has been empty
I plan to
Let you take his place?
Is that right?
Then thank you, chairperson.
In addition, there is an important customer before the equation, you can connect with it.
Take the money in the card and buy him some gifts.
That client is hosting a small family dinner tonight
You try to sign the list.
Okay, thank you for your appreciation, chairperson.
i
Come without punishment
I didn't expect Mr. Si to be so funny
It seems that it is impossible for us to get Mr. Jiang's love talk without signing this cooperation. It is my honor.
Then you can do whatever you want first.
I'm going to the bathroom
Do not go
Chongqing, why is he here?